and here is the answer to our wonderful
interactive riddle like this
this stray looks and in fact
I am even a little hurt because one
from users guessed just but
literally one hundred percent meaning he
Said it's a stray for iphone
which costs around three bucks so she
but I would like to tell
more detail, that is, what is my chip
First of all, I bought something recently for
iphone so -called fish oh and what
I got it well, just a piece of shit this
there is no other way to name it
some metal pad is attached
which is stuck on the phone
on top of it is planted on a magnet here
this same fish
and it is supposedly portable ie it can be
take off there up hang where are you still this
complete nonsense because that's such
implementation that is on plastic cups
it is the simplest thing that can be
all of our wonderful microscope ready for
disc work as follows then here
we have such a focal lens
if I understand correctly you want to really
the focus business as such is not here
just have a distance focus on this
understand further we have a light source
which can be tilted under
certain angle and
here we have two modes
lighting that is, I understand that so
uv lamp visible yes here and
pretty bright so from the department works
as follows that is we just
simply turn on the light turn on
we use our camera further just
as a camera there is now a little bit
when Russ setting the whole thing to you
it was visible and further I will show like this
But with grief in half, I still set up
this whole system
what we have here available in front of you
cutting edge paramilitary 2
the very beginning where it is most difficult
pierce here we can use
focus on something like this
either there is such a thing if
let's say you want fiction
focus on the background
that is, this case is generally quite convenient
well and then just move the knife and
see how this whole thing changes when
we can already push ppm you gave
just recently literally doing it
full mirror did not work because
the fact that I'm just too lazy to do it
but here as you can see there are
there are no rough bits and the knife turned out
pretty sharp how he was basically
initially but now he just has hair
shaves with a rebound as we never shaved
I did not try to whip hair, but in general
also experience quite positive well and
the tip is wonderful our such canoe on
actually quite a useful thing i
I think because anyway you
you can always evaluate the result of your
sharpening let's reason for that matter
look at the cutting edge with excitement
flipper she is not an example we are thinner yes
by the way what you see now is this
trouble focusing and don't eat with
just by clicking on the screen everything is also a
light source can be defined
way to configure ie you
can tilt it in one way or another
but the side is also necessary periodically
focus the phone because it
a little bit lost what's super not there
this is a molecule you certainly will not see but
the increase is quite such a decent
for us to click on in which you this
it is interesting to look only at the cutting
the edge can be very useful so
A short video was useful to wear.
I wonder if we need someone
Immediately to preempt all questions look for
just over there i don't know
iphone mike excavation and so on i mean
it's all on aliexpress thousands of them there
streamline sorts those by price and
Further, in fact, choose
all right now thanks now exactly
good luck and now for now